a SZ faras benefit she should take advantage of. Um, I'm a personal fan
of the V A loan when it comes to a person in the home that allows
you to save a substantial a lot of money when you're buying, say, your
first house. Oh, are an investment property. It comes with certain
stipulations, but I think it's Ah, definitely an avenue you should
venture into or think about when I decided to buy a home. Also, a lot
of the credit card companies allow you to obtain credit cards with
extensive fees. That's if you are on a if you are responsible enough
to handle that responsibility of owning a credit card, which I assume
you are because you're a junior officer in the Navy. So I'll give
you, for example, and I'm not advocating for anyone cos just one
that I used. American Express has a number of credit cards with um,
they allow a lot of perks. For example, gold status for these hotel
chains of rental car changes. You get like an upgraded member status
for just being just owning the car and normally as ah, save typical
consumer, you pay about 500 to 600 bucks a year in credit card fees
for just having a car. But through the Civil Service Civil Servicemember
Relief Act or something, you're allowed to bypass those fees and
obtain that car. And though these cars give you a lot of perks and
a lot of benefits, so those are just too, that I I used to my advantage
by using his credit cards. I'm able to pay off my expenses and
on these credit cards and obtained all the points behind them so you
can use the points towards flights and hotels, vacations, even like
a tournament for, like cash, depending on the situation. So those
are just two things that I like to take advantage of.